#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements/dev-requirements-py38.txt requirements/dev-requirements-py38.in
#
-e file:.
    # via file:///-
alabaster==0.7.13
    # via sphinx
anyio==4.3.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   hypothesis
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.14.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   sphinx
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via nbconvert
black[jupyter]==24.2.0
    # via pydynamic
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via tox
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
chardet==5.2.0
    # via tox
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   black
    #   click-log
    #   python-semantic-release
click-log==0.4.0
    # via python-semantic-release
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   tox
    #   twine
comm==0.2.1
    # via ipykernel
contourpy==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/requirements-py38.txt
    #   matplotlib
coverage[toml]==7.4.3
    # via pytest-cov
cryptography==42.0.5
    # via secretstorage
cycler==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/requirements-py38.txt
    #   matplotlib
debugpy==1.8.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
distlib==0.3.8
    # via virtualenv
docutils==0.20.1
    # via
    #   myst-parser
    #   nbsphinx
    #   readme-renderer
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
dotty-dict==1.3.1
    # via python-semantic-release
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   hypothesis
    #   pytest
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.19.1
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.13.1
    # via
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
fonttools==4.49.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/requirements-py38.txt
    #   matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
future==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/requirements-py38.txt
    #   uncertainties
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.42
    # via python-semantic-release
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.4
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.0
    # via jupyterlab
hypothesis==6.98.15
    # via pydynamic
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==7.0.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   keyring
    #   nbconvert
    #   sphinx
    #   twine
importlib-resources==6.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/requirements-py38.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyterlab
    #   keyring
    #   matplotlib
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
invoke==2.2.0
    # via python-semantic-release
ipykernel==6.29.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   pydynamic
ipython==8.12.3
    # via
    #   black
    #   ipykernel
    #   pydynamic
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jaraco-classes==3.3.1
    # via keyring
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jeepney==0.8.0
    # via
    #   keyring
    #   secretstorage
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   myst-parser
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbsphinx
    #   sphinx
json5==0.9.17
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.21.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.7.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.9.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.3
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.12.5
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.2
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.1.2
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.25.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
keyring==24.3.1
    # via twine
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/requirements-py38.txt
    #   matplotlib
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   mdit-py-plugins
    #   myst-parser
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.7.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/requirements-py38.txt
    #   pydynamic
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdit-py-plugins==0.4.0
    # via myst-parser
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
more-itertools==10.2.0
    # via jaraco-classes
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/requirements-py38.txt
    #   sympy
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via black
myst-parser==2.0.0
    # via pydynamic
nbclient==0.9.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbsphinx
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbsphinx
nbsphinx==0.9.3
    # via pydynamic
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
nh3==0.2.15
    # via readme-renderer
notebook==7.1.1
    # via pydynamic
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==1.24.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/requirements-py38.txt
    #   contourpy
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pydynamic
    #   pywavelets
    #   scipy
    #   time-series-buffer
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tweepy
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/requirements-py38.txt
    #   black
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   python-semantic-release
    #   sphinx
    #   tox
pandas==2.0.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/requirements-py38.txt
    #   pydynamic
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==10.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/requirements-py38.txt
    #   matplotlib
pkginfo==1.9.6
    # via twine
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via jsonschema
platformdirs==4.2.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.4.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.8
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
    #   readme-renderer
    #   sphinx
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/requirements-py38.txt
    #   matplotlib
pyproject-api==1.6.1
    # via tox
pytest==8.0.2
    # via
    #   pydynamic
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-custom-exit-code
pytest-cov==4.1.0
    # via pydynamic
pytest-custom-exit-code==0.3.0
    # via pydynamic
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/requirements-py38.txt
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-gitlab==3.15.0
    # via python-semantic-release
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
python-semantic-release==7.34.6
    # via pydynamic
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/requirements-py38.txt
    #   babel
    #   pandas
pywavelets==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/requirements-py38.txt
    #   pydynamic
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   myst-parser
pyzmq==25.1.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
readme-renderer==43.0
    # via twine
referencing==0.33.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   python-gitlab
    #   python-semantic-release
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   sphinx
    #   tweepy
    #   twine
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via tweepy
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   python-gitlab
    #   twine
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via twine
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
scipy==1.10.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/requirements-py38.txt
    #   pydynamic
secretstorage==3.3.3
    # via keyring
semver==2.13.0
    # via python-semantic-release
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via jupyter-server
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/requirements-py38.txt
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via hypothesis
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==7.1.2
    # via
    #   myst-parser
    #   nbsphinx
    #   pydynamic
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinxcontrib-jquery
sphinx-rtd-theme==2.0.0
    # via pydynamic
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.4
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jquery==4.1
    # via sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via sphinx
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
sympy==1.12
    # via
    #   -c requirements/requirements-py38.txt
    #   pydynamic
terminado==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
time-series-buffer==0.1.4b0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/requirements-py38.txt
    #   pydynamic
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tokenize-rt==5.2.0
    # via black
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   coverage
    #   jupyterlab
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
tomlkit==0.12.4
    # via python-semantic-release
tornado==6.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tox==4.13.0
    # via pydynamic
tqdm==4.66.2
    # via twine
traitlets==5.14.1
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   nbsphinx
tweepy==4.14.0
    # via pydynamic
twine==3.8.0
    # via python-semantic-release
types-python-dateutil==2.8.19.20240106
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.10.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   async-lru
    #   black
    #   ipython
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/requirements-py38.txt
    #   pandas
uncertainties==3.1.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/requirements-py38.txt
    #   time-series-buffer
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   requests
    #   twine
virtualenv==20.25.1
    # via tox
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
wheel==0.42.0
    # via python-semantic-release
zipp==3.17.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/requirements-py38.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
